feat: Clarify 124 and 123 to respect client-owned enums and repeated fields (#48)
mongodb/ipa: ipa/general/0124.md

  - A good rule of thumb is 100 elements
  - If repeated data has the chance of being too large, the API **should** use a
    sub-resource instead
- [Client-owned](0111.md#single-owner-fields) repeated fields **should** be
  respected by the server

>   - The server **must not** modify the provided list by sorting it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The server **must not** modify the order of elements, without explicit documentation that the server will do so
```
Small suggestion to keep statement more generic (and not specific to sorting)

Author: Makes sense, will update 👍

>   - The server **should not** modify the provided list by removing duplicates,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The server **must not** modify the provided list by removing duplicates,
```
Should we keep this line as a must? Either you comply with guidance, or you are explicit in docs

Author: I think I'll squash them into one `should` since if the field is a set the duplicates and ordering could both apply
